Support floating labels on `.form-control-plaintext` (#32840)
twbs/bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.1/forms/floating-labels.md

</div>
{{< /example >}}

> ## Readonly plain text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Readonly plaintext
```

> You can also use floating labels with the `.form-control-plaintext` class to remove the default form field styling and preserve the correct margin and padding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Floating labels also support `.form-control-plaintext`, which can be helpful for toggling from an editable `<input>` to a plaintext value without affecting the page layout.
```
